Dear Dr. Peter Berta 

I am Ismail EZZAKI and I am writing this email to inquire about a possible PhD position: "investigating four top quarks production in proton-proton collisions"

Please find attached my CV, my motivation letter, my master's transcripts, and one letter of recommendation

I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Sincerely,




Potential applicant interested in your PhD thesis


Dear Prof. Wolfgang Wagner

I am Ismail EZZAKI and I am writing this email to apply for the PhD position: " participate in the development and test of readout software for the new silicon pixel detector of the ATLAS experiment at CERN"

Please find attached my CV, my master's transcripts, and my motivation letter

I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Sincerely,






I am writing this letter to express my strong interest in the internship & Ph.D. position : " participate in the development and test of readout software for the new silicon pixel detector of the ATLAS experiment at CERN" 

I graduated last year with a Master’s degree in ”high energy and computational physics” (First in my class ). Pursuing my Ph.D. with experts and doing research in the latest topics of physics is my childhood dream. 

I would see myself as an ideal candidate for this thesis. since, besides my thorough theoretical knowledge obtained during my master in high energy and computational physics, I do also possess strong numerical and data analysis and also machine learning skills obtained during multiple research projects ; I have a lot of experience in programming languages (Python and C++) and frameworks (ROOT, Pythia) 

After completing the internship and the PhD, I plan to pursue a postdoc likely in the area of experimental particle physics in Atlas experiment , l am keen to continue my education in this subject and to perform my own research which can contribute to the knowledge of the field.

Please find in my CV attached a list of referees you are welcome to contact for recommendations I will gladly answer questions you may have and hope to hear from you soon. Sincerely,
