My  correct search interest is in the area of data analysis in experimental particle physics and lately, I started  to applied  new technics  from the computer science field in particle physics like machine learning and deep learning to the big data taken from the LHC detector

In my free time, I like to develop web and mobile apps and also doing charity work




LHCb

Gaudi framwork

DaVinci

cv : The LHCb Starterkit lessons Build Status


The dominance of matter in our Universe is one of the deepest mysteries in Nature



Currently, the LHCb group at LPNHE is involved in the analysis of the data of the experiment, in particular in the tests of lepton universality and in B decays without charm quark in the final state. It is active in the electronic back-end of the scintillating fiber tracker detector and in the tuning of the trigger system of the experiment, in particular for the aspects of real-time reconstruction.

Title: Search for lepton flavor violating b-decays with the LHCb experiment


are among the most powerful probes for searching new physics!


being on of the first who 


He or she will deepen his or her knowledge of how particle physics detectors work, thanks to the rare opportunity to actively participate in the start of data taking in a major LHC experiment, among other things through studies of the performance of the new detector. In addition, he or she will learn sophisticated analytical techniques, and help unravel one of the most fascinating puzzles in particle physics today.


i am availabla imediately


6 years of experience with programming



LHCb is a particle physics experiment at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) at CERN (LHCb Collaboration, 2008) that has been designed and built to make precise measurements of CP violation and, more broadly, to search for and understand new physics phenomena beyond the Standard Model. LHCb studies principally the properties and decays of heavy particles that contain beauty (b) and/or charm (c) quarks created in proton-proton collisions at the LHC, a field known as heavy flavour physics. Particles containing b quarks (b hadrons) are of particular interest, since large CP violation is expected in certain of their decays. Collisions at the LHC produce a large quantity of particles, including a high rate of b-hadron production, and are therefore an ideal laboratory for these searches. Moreover, LHCb complements studies ongoing in ATLAS and CMS, the two general purpose experiments at LHC, which aim to discover new fundamental particles that may be directly produced in proton-proton collisions.


i worked in lhcb here 

my work here 



The LHCb upgrade will pursue important and exciting physics goals in the flavour sector and
beyond. The upgrade augments the established strengths of the existing detector, for example
the forward acceptance, precise vertexing, and particle identification capabilities, with a flexible
software trigger, and the ability to run at a luminosity of 1033 cm−2
s
−1
, which will enable a very
large data sample of ∼ 50 fb−1
to be accumulated. The improvements to the present detector
will enable the detector to increase significantly the sensitivity that the experiment can attain
in its study of b- and c-hadron decays, and will make possible high precision measurements and
unique studies in many other areas of high energy physics.

In what follows, consideration is given first to the contribution that the upgraded experiment
will bring to the field of quark flavour physics. The extremely promising results obtained with
first data can already be used to extrapolate to the performance of the future detector. It
is argued that measurements in the hadronic flavour sector, i.e. decays of beauty and charm
hadrons, have great and wide-ranging sensitivity to New Physics effects. These measurements
will be a powerful method both to search for New Physics, and to characterise its nature when
found. As such, they constitute an indispensable element of LHC exploitation. The upgrade to
the detector proposed in this document is necessary for this programme to proceed throughout
the lifetime of the LHC.

The scientific goals of LHCb, however, extend far beyond quark-flavour physics. The upgraded experiment can be regarded as a multi-purpose detector in the forward direction. The
unique acceptance, coupled with the flexible trigger, will enable LHCb to make measurements
that are either complementary to, or of higher sensitivity than, those which are possible at
the LHC general-purpose detectors (ATLAS/CMS) and other facilities. Examples include the
search for long-lived exotic particles, and measurements in the electroweak sector such as the
determination of the weak mixing angle. A brief survey is therefore made of various opportunities which exist for LHCb in the lepton sector and in non-flavour topics. In most of these
areas work is only now beginning, and further study is needed to quantify more precisely the
sensitivities that can be achieved. Nevertheless, a clear message emerges as to the richness of
the physics possibilities that are open to LHCb beyond the studies of b and c decays.


New challenges and thinking about innovative ways to tackle them are a great motivation for me.

 as well as being able to adapt quickly to new scenarios.
 

physics
computer science is my second interest after physics
data analysis
machine learning
